video sponsored by Activision cuz I yeah
it's an Activision game
[Music]
did you hear about the new regulations
no I haven't
well apparently first wave guards aren't
allowed to carry weapons anymore which
is why we're unarmed today I did find it
kind of weird that we don't have weapons
right now and we usually always do yep
completely unarmed in fact if somebody
was listening to us and wanted to
exploit our weakness yes please what are
you doing that attack won't work on him
get out of the way no I must have missed
yes I missed
you have a good day hey what are you hey
you stay close to that wall strange man
[Music]
he's strong